### Exercise 1: What is the function of the secondary memory in a computer?
Persistent data storage, like hard drive.

### Exercise 2: What is a program?
Set of instructions for the computer to carry out.

### Exercise 3: What is the difference between a compiler and an interpreter?
Interpreter can recieve and process instructions on the fly, line by line.
Compiler translates an entire program into machine language and then an executable.

### Exercise 4: Which of the following contains “machine code”?
The installed Python interpreter is a machine code binary compiled from the C source.

### Exercise 5: What is wrong with the following code:
```python
primt 'Hello world!'
File "<stdin>", line 1
primt 'Hello world!'
```
print is spelled wrong, causing a syntax error on line 1.

### Exercise 6: Where in the computer is a variable such as “x” stored after the following Python line finishes?
`x = 123`
Main memory

### Exercise 7: What will the following program print out:
```python
x = 43
x = x + 1
print(x)
```
44

### Exercise 8: Explain each of the following using an example of a human capability: (1) Central processing unit, (2) Main Memory, (3) Secondary Memory, (4) Input Device, and (5) Output Device. For example, “What is the human equivalent to a Central Processing Unit”?
 1. The CPU is like the heart or lungs, performing based off instructions sent by the brain.
 2. The main memory is like the brain stem, storing instructions to sent out later in the execution phase.
 3. Secondary memory is like muscle memory, because it can retain its information even when the system is powered off.
 4. The input device is the eyes, recieving raw data from the outside world and passing it to the system.
 5. The output device is the mouth, which communicates with the outside world in a high-level semiotic language.
 

### Exercise 9: How do you fix a “Syntax Error”?
The interpreter will alert you to the location of the syntax error. Evaluate the context of the surrounding code and then check keyword spellings, white space, etc. If necessary, consult the documentation.
